Feature/temp dir cleanup (#2729)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/writing-tests.adoc

| `@ExtendWith`            | Used to <<extensions-registration-declarative,register extensions declaratively>>. Such annotations are _inherited_.
| `@RegisterExtension`     | Used to <<extensions-registration-programmatic,register extensions programmatically>> via fields. Such fields are _inherited_ unless they are _shadowed_.
| `@TempDir`               | Used to supply a <<writing-tests-built-in-extensions-TempDirectory,temporary directory>> via field injection or parameter injection in a lifecycle method or test method; located in the `org.junit.jupiter.api.io` package.

> | `@CleanupMode`           | Used to control how temporary directories are managed. Cleanup modes of ALWAYS, ON_SUCCESS and NEVER can be configured to determine whether a temporary directory is cleaned up or not after a test completes.

Author: Removed

----
include::{testDir}/example/TempDirectoryDemo.java[tags=user_guide_field_injection]
----

The `@TempDir` annotation has an optional `cleanup` attribute that can be set to either

> `NEVER`, `ON_SUCCESS` or `ALWAYS`. If the cleanup mode is set to `NEVER`, temporary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NEVER`, `ON_SUCCESS`, or `ALWAYS`. If the cleanup mode is set to `NEVER`, temporary
```

directories are not deleted after a test completes. If it is set to `ON_SUCCESS`,

> temporary directories are deleted only after a test completes successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
temporary directories are deleted only after a test completed successfully.
```

----
include::{testDir}/example/TempDirectoryDemo.java[tags=user_guide_field_injection]
----

> TempDir has a parameter, cleanup,
> which can be set as either NEVER, ON_SUCCESS or ALWAYS. If the cleanup mode is set to NEVER,
> temporary directories are not deleted after a test completes. If the cleanup mode is
> set to ON_SUCCESS, temporary directories are deleted only after a test completes successfully.
> 
> The default cleanup mode for TempDir is ALWAYS. You can use the
> `junit.jupiter.temp.dir.cleanup.mode.default`
> <<running-tests-config-params, configuration parameter>> to override this default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@TempDir` annotation has an optional `cleanup` attribute that can be set to either
`NEVER`, `ON_SUCCESS` or `ALWAYS`. If the cleanup mode is set to `NEVER`, temporary
directories are not deleted after a test completes. If it is set to `ON_SUCCESS`,
temporary directories are deleted only after a test completes successfully.

The default cleanup mode is `ALWAYS`. You can use the
`junit.jupiter.temp.dir.cleanup.mode.default`
<<running-tests-config-params, configuration parameter>> to override this default.
```

Author: Change applied

[source,java,indent=0]
.A test class with a temporary directory that doesn't get cleaned up
----

> include::{testDir}/example/TempDirCleanupModeDemo.java[tags=user_guide_temp_dir_cleanup_mode]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include::{testDir}/example/TempDirCleanupModeDemo.java[tags=user_guide]
```

Author: Done
